Phil: [as Mr. Chuckles] So God was creating man. And his little assistant came up to him and he said: "Hey, we've got all these bodies left, but we're right out of brains, we're right out of hearts and we're right out of vocal chords." And God said: "Fuck it! Sew 'em up anyway. Smack smiles on the faces and make them talk out of their arses." And lo, God created the Tory Party.

8 of 8 found this interesting | Share this
Danny: This band behind me'll tell you that that trophy means more to me than owt else in the whole world. But they'd be wrong! Truth is, I THOUGHT it mattered. I thought that MUSIC mattered. But does it bollocks? Not compared to how people matter. Us winning this trophy won't mean bugger-all to most people. But us *refusing* it - like what we're going to do now - well, then it becomes news, doesn't it?

[flurry of press camera shutters]

Danny: You see what I mean. That way, I'll not just be talking to myself, will I? Because over the last ten years, this bloody government has systematically destroyed an entire industry. OUR industry. And not just our industry - our communities, our homes, our lives. All in the name of "progress". And for a few lousy bob. I'll tell you something else you might not know, as well. A fortnight ago, this band's pit were closed - another thousand men lost their jobs. And that's not all they lost. Most of them lost the will to win a while ago. A few of them even lost the will to fight. But when it comes to losing the will to live, to breathe, the point is - if this lot were seals or whales, you'd all be up in bloody arms. But they're not, are they, no, no they're not. They're just ordinary common-or-garden honest, decent human beings. And not one of them with an ounce of bloody hope left. Oh aye, they can knock out a bloody good tune. But what the fuck does that matter?

[gasps emotionally, close to tears]

Danny: And now I'm going to take my boys out onto the town. Thank you.

[rapturous applause and standing ovation]

6 of 6 found this interesting | Share this
[about God]

Phil: [as Mr. Chuckles] What's He doing? He can take John Lennon. He can take those three young lads down at Ainsley Pit. He's even thinking of taking my old man. And Margaret bloody Thatcher lives! What's He sodding playing at, eh?

5 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Danny: The truth is, I thought it mattered - I thought that music mattered. But does it bollocks? Not compared to how people matter.

3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Harry: It's a bloody euphonium!

3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Gloria: Do you want to come up for a coffee?

Andy: I don't drink coffee.

Gloria: I haven't got any.

2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Mother 2: This isn't your main job, is it?

Phil: I'm a miner.

Mother 2: [incredulously] A miner?

Phil: You remember them, love? Dinosaurs, dodos, miners.

1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Shane: How the hell do you die happy?

1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Nurse: Is this man bothering you?

Phil: 'Course he is. He's me dad.

1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Phil: I love the band - we all do - but there's other things in life, you know, that's more important.

Danny: Not in mine there isn't.

1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Shane: I don't like seein' Dad sad, Mam, but I'd sooner see him sad than not see him at all.

1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Andy: Sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll, hey ladies?

Vera: Aye, but we can do without the drugs and rock 'n' roll!

1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Andy: The only reason I get up in the morning is to see if my luck's changed. And it never bloody has.

1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
[talking about Gloria]

Simmo: You had her. Behind the bus station.

Andy: No, I didn't.
